sec_4_2_single_cell_mechanics_Marta/README.md, before:

Optical Tweezers: A comprehensive Tutorial from Calibration to Applications
---


By *Jan Gieseler, Juan Ruben Gomez-Solano, [Alessandro Magazù](http://softmatterlab.org/people/alessandro-magazzu/), Isaac Castillo, [Laura Pérez García](http://softmatterlab.org/people/laura-perez-garcia/), Martha Gironella-Torrent, Xavier Viader-Godoy, Felix Ritort, Giusceppe Pesce, Alejandro V. Arzola, Karen Volke-Sepulveda and [Giovanni Volpe](http://softmatterlab.org/people/giovanni-volpe/)*.



 The folders  correspond to the different subsections of the tutorial.
 
 In folder **[sec3_calibration](sec3_calibration/)** we include the codes to implement the Potential, Equipartition, Autocorrelation function, Power Spectrum Density, FORMA and Bayesian methods for calibration.
 
 In folder **[sec_4_1_single_molecule_mechanics](sec_4_1_single_molecule_mechanics_xavier/)** we include the material correspondent with Section 4.1 Single-molecule mechanichs of the text. We show how to analize the data from a  DNA hairpin pulling experiment.
 
 In folder **[sec_4_2_single_cell_mechanics](sec_4_2_single_cell_mechanics_Marta/)** we include the material correspondent with Section 4.2 Single-cell mechanichs of the text,. We show how to analize the data from a single cell pulling experiment.
 
 
  In folder **[sec_4_3_microrheology](sec_4_3_microrheology_ruben/)**  we include the material correspondent with Section 4.3 Microrheology of the text.
  First we show how to obtain the zero shear viscosities from the autocorrelation function of the time series position of a trapped particle.
  Then we show how to obtain the Storage and loss moduli using passive and active microrheology.

Commit message:

the readme has been added
martha's folder is not ready because I don't know how toi run teh analysis script

sec_4_2_single_cell_mechanics_Marta/README.md, after:

# Section 4.2: Single cell mechanics
 This folder contains the codes to analize the expeirments of  a single molecule pulling experiment discussed in the text.
 
How to use the Single molecule mechanics section:

**Free energy of formation of a DNA hairpin**

Program to obtain separated trajectories and stiffness of the cell from pulling protocol
 Given a txt file, the program ask to select the number of columns of the file, the columns of Y force, 
 trap A Y distance, trap B Y distance, value of trap stiffness, maximum force, minimum force and number of 
 stiffness intervals,it returns the separated trajectories in diferent files named
 'filename_#trajectoryT_U.txt'(ex:RBC1_1T_U.txt') if we are going from low forces to high forces and
 'filename_#trajectoryT_D.txt'(ex:RBC1_1T_D.txt') if we are going from high forces to low forces.
 In these files the first column will be celullar extension and the second column will be Y force. 
 All the trajeectories will be forced to start to (0,0) in order to correct any drift. 
 The second file named 'filename_Stiffness.txt' (ex: RBC1_Stiffness.txt) where first column will
 correspond to the mean Y force and the second one to the Stiffness value.
increasing values.

![alt text](https://github.com/LauraPerezG/tweezers_AOP_tutorial/blob/merge_26nov_ales_lau/sec_4_1_single_molecule_mechanics_xavier/FIGURES/free_enerygy_hairpin.jpg "Force extension curves and stiffness")


***


 
This repository includes the analysis and plot codes for the the article **Optical Tweezers: A comprehennsive Tutorial  from Calibration to Applications** by *Jan Gieseler, Juan Ruben Gomez-Solano, [Alessandro Magazù](http://softmatterlab.org/people/alessandro-magazzu/), Isaac Castillo, [Laura Pérez García](http://softmatterlab.org/people/laura-perez-garcia/), Martha Gironella-Torrent, Xavier Viader-Godoy, Felix Ritort, Giusceppe Pesce, Alejandro V. Arzola, Karen Volke-Sepulveda and [Giovanni Volpe](http://softmatterlab.org/people/giovanni-volpe/)*.
